Fix and refinements (#976)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-issuance-l2plus.rst

The PID Authorization Server MUST ensure that the ``mrtd_auth_session`` parameter is maintained throughout this phase for proper session correlation with subsequent authentication steps.

.. note::

>   In the case the User performs a LoA4 authentication the phase 3 MUST be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the case the User performs a LoA High authentication the phase 3 MUST be skipped.
```

we use the eidas framework, not directly ISO/IEC 29115
